docs: Improve nrfcloud logging docs (#11401)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF9160 samples
---------------

* :ref:`nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service` sample:

>   * Added documentation for use of the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_alert` and :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added documentation for using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_alert` and :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` libraries.
```
